validation: allow more labels for _info metrics by default (#10028)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: Initialize ha_tracker cache before ha_tracker and distributor reach running state and begin serving writes. #9826 #9976
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: `-ingest-storage.kafka.max-buffered-bytes` to limit the memory for buffered records when using concurrent fetching. #9892
* [ENHANCEMENT] Querier: improve performance and memory consumption of queries that select many series. #9914

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: allow a different higher limit for info series (series ending in `_info`) label count. #10028

Reviewer: I think it should say _either_ different or higher. Saying higher would require actually validating this though:
```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: allow a different limit for info series (series ending in `_info`) label count, via `-validation.max-label-names-per-info-series`. #10028
```
